what is the difference btwn synchronous and asynchronous operations.?
ans:
what is DOM.?
ans:--document object modal(dom)
dom is a programing interface provide by browser it allows javascript to access manupulate the structure of style and content 
of webpage
programing interface is a set of tools ,methods and  
riles that allows software to interact something else such as system,service or document....


what are the datatypes in js.?
ans:

what is an event in js.?
     ans:events is an actions or occurance that happens to the browser.
         event handling-- event handling means writing a js code that will run  when a specific event occurs


what are closure in js.?
what is the diff btwn map and forEach.?
     ans: map  :  transform each element and return a new array
        forEach: executes a function for each elemnts in the array(does not return)

what is a callback function in js.?
what is inheritance in js.?
     ans:one class can inherit properties and methods from another class (by using 'extend' keywords).
what is the purpose of try-Catch statement in js.?
     ans:
what is the purpose of addeventListner method.?

what is the diff btwn query-selector and queryselectorall.?
what is the diff btwn null and undefined.?
what is the diff btwn == and ===.?
what is hoisting in js .?
what is the 'this' keyword in js.?
     ans:this"-keyword = its refers the object itself.(used to accesss properties and methods)


what are the different ways to define  function in js.?
what is the purpose of let , var and const.?
    ans:/* var- re-decalarable 
         *re-assing*/
       /**let- re-assign only */
     /**const-block scope ,re declaration and reassign is not possible*/
difference btwn primitive and non-primitive datatypes?
what's the use of spread operator?

ans: 
what is ternary operator in js?
ans: The ternary or conditional operator  kind of similar to the if-else statement 
       as it follows the same algorithm as of if-else statement but the ternay operator takes 
       less space and helps to write the if-else statements in the shortest way possible. 
       It is also known as the ternary operator in C as it operates on three operands.
what is rest-parameter in js?
     ans:the rest parameter syntax:(...) allows a function to accept an infinite number of arguments as an array
